I am about to tell you sounds crazy but
you have to listen to me your very lives
depend on it festers be
you see this isn't the first time
now we've had this conversation with
daisies Judgment Day you just came in
with the fresh recruits
the invasion will fail along with every
soldier you are sending we lose this is
love everything come find me when you
wake up
you do that what's happening to me what
happened to you happened to me
you hijacked that power
I need your help he's quite exactly
winning the war
we can do this just come here every day
and I'll train you
no matter what i do as far as you go
what does it matter what happens to me
I'm not a soldier
of course you're not you're a weapon
you